thank you so much for having me team
saster I am just thrilled to join any
events that you all put together and
just want to positively reinforce this
idea that you are the best community in
SAS uh and just love working with you
all so thank you for having me once
again and thank you for everybody that
is attending today's session hopefully
we'll have some fun and make it as
productive as possible today we will be
talking about how to build out an SDR
function I'm going to provide a bit of
context before we get into how to
actually build out an SDR function and
the context is what we did at brex and I
will reference back to this periodically
through the rest of the presentation but
I think it's helpful just level setting
on how we approached building out SDR
did a lot of things right did a few
things incorrectly that we'll we'll talk
about as well we had six AES before we
started hiring any sdrs and so I joined
when there were two AES I hired four
additional AES and before we introduced
SDR to the company as a function we had
a heavy focus on AE outbound and I think
we established a baseline for
successfully doing outbound with the
existing sales people before we invested
in a dedicated SDR function the first
hire that we made after those 6 AES that
was dedicated SDR was a senior hire her
name is Ashley Kelly I'll reference her
a few times in today's presentation as
well we also had a saster podcast on cro
confidential the other week that if this
is an interesting topic might be
interesting to listen in when you have
the time we brought in Ashley as a
senior director so as a leadership hire
as our first hire and then it was
Ashley's job to take the existing
successful outbound process and improve
upon it and specialize in the function
of
SDR the first thing that she did after
effectively being in SDR for several
weeks was made three inetwork
experienced hires to start Ashley came
from Lever before she joined Rex and she
hired three of her sdrs top performing
sdrs from Lever brought them into brex
and so then I think maybe two data
points that are worth flagging there
these were already experienced sdrs as
our first IC sdrs and the second thing
is they were in network hires that
Ashley had brought with her we scaled
the team when the data supported it I'm
going to go there's a specific slide
around scaling the team so I'll go much
deeper around what I specifically mean
by the data supporting it and then on an
incentives from an incentive standpoint
we started with incentivizing
opportunities we called them squo sales
qualified opportunities and over time we
moved that to revenue when an
opportunity closed and was generating
Revenue if the SDR sourced it they
received credit on that Revenue but they
no longer received revenue for creating
the opportunities the way that they had
backward looking we'll spend some time
on that as well and then the last thing
around what we did at brex on just
providing some context here from a
results standpoint 80% of bre's Revenue
came from outbound both AE and SDR and
that mix shifted over time of course
when we were six AES and no sdrs 100% of
our outbound Revenue came from AE and
over time we actually got it to air on a
per rep basis sdrs were generating more
Revenue than the AES and so the makeup
of that Revenue shifted over time but a
large chunk of Rex's Revenue came from
sales outbound here is the agenda for
how to build out an SDR function we're
going to start with the benefits of SDR
we won't spend a ton of time there
because theaster audience is oftentimes
very educated and experienced and
probably obvious but I think worth
reinforcing at least one point we'll
move on and try and do this sort of
sequentially around how to build out an
SDR function from where you start for
the folks that today haven't yet started
all the way to folks who have manyi sdrs
and are scaling that team we're going to
start with when to hire your first SDR
we'll move on to who to hire things like
profiles we'll talk about how to measure
performance we will then talk about once
you have these things in place ready to
scale the team what are the indicators
that you should go off of and how big
should you make the team and then we'll
finish tactically on some trends that I
seeing an outbound both as headwinds and
then potential Tailwinds this world of
outbound seems to be ever evolving and
right now is at an inflection point I
think for two reasons one is the
introduction of AI that everybody seems
to be interested in and the second is
the
deceleration of what I will call just
spray and prey outbound through cold
email sequences and so we'll talk a
little bit about the trends that I'm
seeing and maybe the direction that I
see this space evolving to okay benefits
of SDR as I mentioned I don't want to
spend a lot of time here just because of
the experience level of the audience the
obvious benefit is that sdrs increase
demand uh which leads to more revenue
and the business grows faster when you
have a successful SDR organization in
place that's I think the obvious benefit
the less obvious benefit that is worth
flagging is then I'll allude to this
example actually later in the
presentation as well there was a point
in time when Rex AES were sourcing more
revenue on a per rep basis than sdrs
were and they were also closing that
revenue and there was an internal push
at the sort of executive level both
finance and founder why don't we just
hire more AES if they are both sourcing
more revenue and they're also closing
that Revenue shouldn't we just hire AES
what's the point of having sdrs if they
are less successful at this thing
they're even specializing in and the
answer or an answer doesn't show up on
the spreadsheets when you look at things
just like attribution of that Revenue
but when you looked at the AES that were
influencing the revenue that was being
attributed to AE outbound all of the top
AES were former
sdrs and none of those people exist at
the company without the function of SDR
existing as this sort of training ground
to ultimately promote into some of the
most successful AES within the business
now we corrected this we got it to a
point where sdrs on a peret basis were
sourcing more Revenue than their AE
counterparts but that that benefit that
I just alluded to which is the sort of
fear system is oftentimes overlooked and
doesn't necessarily show up in the data
so with that let's continue along to
when to hire your first SDR one I'll try
and incorporate some stories and then
two I will try and not just describe
what I think works but also some
mistakes that I observe folks making and
I'm sure have made myself let's start
with when to hire your first SDR and a
big mistake that I see here quite often
is that Founders in ear early sales reps
really push to hire an SDR before the
business is ready and this can be in the
form of the first go to market hire so
you're still doing founder Le sales you
hire an SDR to help support the founder
from a demion standpoint or you still
have the founder as effectively the
sales leader maybe a couple AES and
those AES are pushing to hire an SDR to
help supplement the demand gen help
supplement the outbound my experience is
that is not the right approach and like
with many things this isn't necessarily
one siiz fits all I'm sure there are
counter examples where this has worked
but based off of my experience there are
two things that I would solve for before
I get into those two things one really
important caveat is that
AES should do their own out out bound
and I believe that is true on day one
and I believe that should be true in
year 10 um we had a podcast with Splunk
cro uh there was a recent cro
confidential their AES are still
spending a bunch of their time doing
their own outbound sourcing their own
opportunities and thinking about sort of
Roi from a sales rep standpoint the
highest Roi thing sales people can be
doing is closing Revenue I think the
second highest Roi sales thing sales
people can be doing is sourcing revenue
and we're going to talk about again the
importance of having your AES do their
own outbound even if you have SDR later
on in this presentation and why again
that's so important but now to solving
for the two things that I would make
sure are in place prior to hiring your
first SDR um the first is that you have
an existing outbound process that is
working and that they can improve upon
and so you don't want to hire a junior
SDR to come into an environment with no
systems and no process and no track
record of successfully sourcing outbound
opportunities if that's not in place
it's going to be very difficult for them
to create that from scratch the second
thing that I would solve for is someone
who can actively manage them in in this
environment that I described before
sometimes you have a Founder that is
their direct manager sometimes you have
salespeople individual contributors
they're saying I will take on some of
the burden of managing this SDR but
they're not really managers and so I
think my guidance here is don't
introduce SDR until you have some
success around outbound some outbound
process in place that is working and
then the second is that you want to have
someone that can L manage them that
generally can be a sales leader or it
can be a dedicated SDR leader if that's
the if that's who you decide you want to
make the first SDR hire then up until
that point just hire full cycle AES
until these things exist if you've got
two AES you want more demand just hire
another AE and again really reinforce
the importance of AES doing their own
outbound if they can't do it and SDR is
not going to be able to do it or at
least isn't going to be able to be set
up for success in doing it either okay
so we now have these things in place we
have some outbound successes under our
belt and we have someone that will
actively manage the sdrs either a sales
leader or an SDR leader so let's talk a
little bit about who we want to hire as
I mentioned at brex we hired a leader
before we hired any individual
contributor sdrs in my experience you
can do that or you can hire to ic's but
those are the two paths that I would go
down I would either hire an SDR leader
and I would probably go down that path
if two things exist one if I know the
person I want to hire we were spoiled in
that I knew Ashley she was this
exceptional SDR leader that we would be
silly not to hire if we didn't have the
opportunity to do and then the second
thing that existed is we knew we wanted
to grow the team we were already six
successful AES we knew we wanted to grow
the SDR function quite rapidly and
bringing in a leader made a lot of sense
if we were earlier we probably would
have gone down the path of just hiring
two individual contributor sdrs and
having them report directly to me if you
do hire an SDR leader I think the only
cave out there is make sure that they
are willing to do the individual
contributor work when Ashley came in she
effectively was in SDR before she
brought on her in network hires and you
don't want a leader who isn't willing to
let's use some cliches roll up their
sleeves get their hands dirty those
sorts of things especially if they are
your first SDR hire okay regardless of
whether you hire a leader or an SDR I
think that there are a couple things to
solve for in who you hire as your first
sdrs the first one sdrs are entry level
salespeople but some are more
experienced than others and I think that
your initial sdrs should have some
experience when I joined echosign with
Jason as an SDR I was fortunate that I
came in with something like four months
of SDR experience from a prior role at a
company called intac and having those
four months of experience really allowed
me to hit the ground running I I knew
how the systems worked I knew some
feedback around the types of sequences
that were more effective than others and
I think as with the first or one of the
first sdrs without that experience it
would have been much more difficult for
me to be successful in the role that I
took on as an SDR EO sign another
version of this was when we hired Ashley
Kelly at zenitz as an individual
contributor SDR she mentioned this in
the podcast the other week she had came
come in from a recruiting background so
she already had realworld sales likee
experience wanted to break into Tech
sales started as an SDR I think the
takeaway here with a couple examples a
couple of those examples is when you do
hire your first sdrs I would try to hire
folks with some experience I wouldn't
hire the folks that are directly out of
school the second thing that comes to
mind on who to hire is is that I would
start in network and the networks of
your existing team so at Rex I hired
Ashley who was a close friend and I knew
that she was a exceptional SDR leader
the first three sdrs that she brought on
were all sdrs that were in a prior
organization that she had led you also
have the AES that you can leverage their
networks so if you've got a few
successful a in place they all came with
some experience they probably remember
who the best sdrs at their prior
companies were and maybe had
relationships with them where they were
taking some of their opportunities they
can help source and recruit those
initial sdrs so on the who to hire for
your first SDR uh cohort one hire two of
them at the same time two solve for some
experience and three with SDR even more
so than other hires leverage personal
networks SDR hiring is so hard because
you don't have a track record of
experience to go off of the way that you
do with account Executives and sales
leaders sdrs are often when I joined
echosign I had four months of experience
I couldn't point to this track record of
exceptional performance over long
periods of time and great references
from former managers so again this
leveraging your network is particularly
important with the this category of
higher that is definitionally less
experienced um okay so we are now at the
point where we've decided it's time to
invest in SDR we know who to hire and
we've made those hires let's talk a
little bit about how to measure the
performance of the uh SDR organization
and sdrs individually there are two
metrics that see most commonly used to
measure per performance those two
metrics are opportunities what we did at
brex where we started was sales
qualified opportunities and so this is
if you schedule a meeting that meeting
is held and it meets some qualification
criteria the SDR receives credit and
maybe they have something like a 10 to
20 qualified opportunity monthly quota
and every time I schedule a new
opportunity and it passes through that's
credit I get one and then the other most
commonly used performance measurement
that I see is revenue and the way that I
think about these things is related to
quantity versus quality the further up
the funnel you go the more you are
solving for quantity of demand um in the
further down the funnel you go
culminating in Revenue you are shifting
towards quality and I think that that
process that I just described is
actually the sequencing with which I
would approach measuring performance
when you hire or when I hire my first
sdrs almost universally I want to
incentivize quantity the constraint to
growing faster is that we don't have
enough opportunities in the funnel the
other thing that we don't have is any
data around things like conversion rates
by industry persona Revenue contribution
by different categories and so we really
want to cast a wide net when it comes to
acquiring demos and opportunities and
the constraint here is a volume game we
want more opportunities created in
Pipeline and more demos on calendars
over time what starts to happen and
there are a couple things that are
signals of this but over time what
starts to happen is you start to learn
more about the business and and the
incentives aren't necessarily aligned
with the business outcome that you are
looking for couple examples here you
will hear things like this wasn't a good
demo the the SDR the demo quality coming
from SDR is low you will hear examples
of things like sdrs campaigning their AE
counterparts to give them credit for
demos that are On The Fringe of whether
or not they count and it's not going to
be closed Revenue but the SDR still
wants credit because they created the
opportunity when these things start to
happen my recommendation is it is at
least worth going through the process of
the thought exercise around should we
introduce or shift to incentivizing
closed
revenue and the way that I approach this
decision is I Tred to decide which
incentive will ultimately generate the
most revenue for the business and
intuitively you would think that
incentivizing Revenue would generate the
most revenue from the business that's
actually not true on day one because
sdrs then become more focused around how
their opportunities are performing and
you actually don't want that behavior
but over time we learn a lot we learn
again which personas are converting
which types of companies are converting
what a good demo looks like how much
revenue different types of opportunities
will ultimately generate for the
business and shifting to further down
the funnel metric like closed Revenue I
think can make a lot of sense we're
going to talk more about how brex
experienced this transition but
hopefully that gives a bit of an
overview on how to measure performance
gravitate towards opportunity creation
when SDR is first getting started and
then really at least the thought
exercise of Shifting to closed Revenue
that is sourced from SDR okay again
following the sequence with which we
would build out an SDR organization we
know when to hire we know who to hire we
know how to measure performance now we
may want to consider scaling the team
and I want to talk a little bit about
how I approached that I was on a call
with an SDR leader the other day and we
were talking through how the and this
was an nsdr leader in a lead poor
environment the F which most of us are
in the focus of the go to market
organization was generating more demand
and I asked this leader what they
recommend doing as the leader of
demandin and as the leader of SDR and
the first thing that they mentioned was
I think our SDR to a AE ratio is too low
right now we have something like half an
SDR to 75 SDR to AE and I think we
should be more like one and a half to
two sdrs for every
AE and so I immediately gravitated
towards and this team was not small this
team was a 20 to 30 person SDR
organization I immediately gravitated
towards how effective is the existing
team of 20 or 30 let's forget about the
r IO for a moment what percentage of
Revenue is sourced from SDR and on an
efficiency or productivity basis how
does that compare to our other channels
and the answer was something like
conversion rates today are low of s strr
sourced opportunities and the impact
that we don't have is limited but I
attribute that to not having a high high
enough SDR to AE ratio if we had more
sdrs for every a we would be
contributing more revenue on an absolute
basis and certainly on a per AE basis
and that is just the wrong way of
approaching scaling the SDR team so the
first thing that I think is important is
you need to know your numbers C so
January just ended we should know what
our attribution in the month of Jan
anuary both by new logos closed and by
new Revenue closed in the month of
January how much did SDR contribute both
new logos and new Revenue if anything
over time efficiency will decrease as
you add to the team so if you have a 20
person SDR team today if you want to add
10 SDS over the course of the first half
of this year expect your per rep offici
icy to decline as you increase the team
size by 50% so the takeaway here is that
you should only scale when you are
encouraged by the numbers and if you are
not encouraged by the numbers you should
focus on improving the numbers before
you add to the team I'm going to tell
two quick stories about Rex and how we
approached this that I think help
emphasize this point and maybe reinforce
some of the takeaways for folks in the
audience the first is that I alluded to
this environment at brex where the AES
were closing more or sourcing more
revenue on a per rep basis than the sdrs
were and I talked with the SDR leader
who is Ashley about this problem and we
could not continue scaling the SDR
function with in this Dynamic existed it
didn't make sense to hire more sdrs when
their AE counterparts were sourcing more
revenue on the thing they were supposed
to specialize in so we tried to diagnose
why this was happening and the first
thing to mention here is I mentioned
earlier the importance of having AES do
their own outbound if that didn't exist
at Rex we would not have had this
Insight that AES were able to source
more Revenue than their SDR counterparts
and we then would not have done the
follow on actions that I'm about to
describe then greatly improved SDR
efficiency and the growth of the
business so again the just underscoring
the importance of having AES outbound
otherwise we don't even have this
insight to begin with that the AES are
sourcing more Revenue than the sdrs now
how we approached changing and improving
that Ashley at the time had a team of
something like 15 sdrs first we wanted
to make sure that this was the team that
we felt confident in moving forward with
so we may have managed out a couple of
the bottom performers but we certainly
weren't going to add to the team when we
weren't happy with the effectiveness of
the team so we took the existing team we
probably shrunk it a little bit and then
we got back to like why do we think this
environment exists
and there were two outcomes that were
produced from this exercise the first is
the AES knew what great looked like from
an opportunity standpoint in ways that
the sdrs didn't the AES took these
opportunities to close and so they knew
the types of people and companies that
were likely to convert and that were
likely to generate a lot of Revenue
because they worked them far past the
the point of taking the initial meeting
and so the output or change that we made
there was we got very sophisticated
around lead scoring and we no longer
allowed sdrs to just decide anyone in
the universe that they wanted to bring
into their named account list within
Salesforce and start blasting those
accounts we were very prescriptive about
which
subvertical um with within the industry
which personas CFOs converted at a
higher rate than controllers which
geographies and we basically said sdrs
these accounts have the highest
probability of converting to customers
and they're going to Jo generate the
most Revenue go after them the second
thing that we did was we changed the
incentive referencing back to the prior
slide from sourced opportunities to
closed revenue and the combination of
those two changes
radically changed the SDR environment
both in terms of where sdrs were focused
and then also aligning incentives with
the business and the result was that
sdrs started closing or generating far
more closed Revenue than their AE
counterparts and back just to the point
around scaling the team I think the
takeaway here is you have to understand
your numbers and the attribution of how
much revenue is being sourced from each
channel do not invest in SDR hiring more
sdrs if you aren't satisfied with the
performance and the efficiency of the
existing team adding more sdrs into that
environment will only decrease
efficiency so if you're at a point where
you've brought in a bunch of new sdrs
the efficiency has declined a little bit
take that existing team make sure that
they are successful and until you're
happy again with the data that is coming
out of that environment don't hire any
more people and have that be a defined
constraint to Growing the team and use
it as something that motivates both sdrs
and the SDR leader in terms of reaching
Milestones where they can again start
growing the team because of the success
of the existing organization I want to
finish just on Trends and outbound I
think that there is a Nar native that
from an outbound standpoint and within
SDR um as a function we are moving away
from spraying and praying outbound email
sequences and that being the primary
function and responsibility for an SDR
uh this approach is just losing efficacy
I think any leader in an organization is
receiving countless outbound emails
today from companies that they haven't
heard of since by people they don't know
and most of the time they don't read
them and they go into the archive or
whatever and I think that is somewhat
consensus I think what is less consensus
is okay so what should we do there's
this trend that we can acknowledge is
less effective we're getting 1% reply
rates maybe 05% meeting rates and
efficiency is is just gone off a cliff
with at least this outbound email
process but we still want to do outbound
here are the three thing I have seen be
effective in replacing this pray and
prey outbound methodology the first one
is around leveraging networks and I
think this comes in three flavors that I
can think of the first is personal I
remember when I joined Rex I probably
sent Jason an email at saster was like
Hey I just joined Rex I'd love for you
to use us as your corporate card at
zaster I'll get you an account set up
whatever lium need whatever else and I
think Jason was an awesome friend and
did that and that that is an example
just coming for me there were 10 people
like Jason that I reached out to the
founders had their personal networks
every employee had their personal
networks so leveraging personal networks
I think is important the next one that
comes up in this category of networks is
investor networks I had a post on
Twitter and Linkedin either last week or
the week prior how to leverage your
investors to generate new customers this
is something that is important on when
you're a seed or series a Stage Company
and early I remember at brex when we
started moving up Market YC was hugely
influential in our ability to Wi door
Dash and this is true five six years in
the business when the business was much
larger and just conceptually continuing
to leverage your investor Network far
higher Roi than sending door dashes CFO
and email from an SDR and then the last
one which isn't necessarily outbound but
I think in this category of leveraging
networks leverage your customers and
first of all you have to deliver this
delightful experience is a bit of a
cliche but those who you know are your
happiest promoters tweeting referring
you customers make sure that you take
care of those customers and try and have
a strategy around vering your existing
happy customers to create new ones the
second thing that comes to mind is
giving away giving your target something
of value I'm going to give one quick
example uh open store is a Founders fund
portfolio company I work closely with
the go to market team there few sales
books and we are AB testing a few
different ways of doing outbound I have
talked about this campaign that we did
did at brex uh and there there's a tweet
about that if interesting and here's the
interesting thing that we're finding
they're selling to e-commerce we have a
few different tests that we are going
through one is just purely cold outbound
one is we are sending an email
confirming the address to send them a
bottle of champagne it started with
enjoy with your family on Thanksgiving
it moved to celebrate the new year and
now we have enjoy with your significant
other on Valentine's Day so just come up
with an excuse to send somebody a bottle
of V CCO for $45 ask them to confirm
their address and that's the like second
option for the a test and then the third
option they're going to these to
e-commerce websites they're buying the
product they're sending emails with
pictures of them with the product if
they sell swimsuits they've got the
swimsuit on and the conversion rates
what I described is the offering to send
them a bottle of shamp campaign they're
exponentially higher even than buying
the product that the e-commerce company
is selling and so I think just
reinforcing this idea of if you send
something of value that stands out
something that people want you're
creative about messaging enjoy this
bottle of champagne with your family at
the Thanksgiving table we know how hard
it is to run an early stage e-commerce
business and we're cheering for you that
converts to meetings and ultimately to
closed customers supplement your
outbound potentially with something like
that for high value Target customers the
last one is combining outbound with some
brand Tail wins examples here at Rex we
put Billboards up all over San Francisco
when we launched the product we
specifically targeted companies that
were their headquarters their offices
where in downtown San Francisco we got
countless responses to our cold outbound
emails that were like we see your
Billboards everywhere and they don't
reply if we aren't trying to take
advantage of the billboard investment
that we made another example around
these brand Tailwinds when you have PR
around things like a fund raise I
remember whenever brex would do a
fundraise announcement we would
incorporate that in some way into
message
and people were just gravitated more
towards the business as we were
realizing success milestones and trying
take advantage of a fund raise both on
social but then also in the timing with
which you are outbound and then the last
one is around coordinating with
marketing where you're leveraging things
like somebody from this account or this
person visited our website that's a good
time to have SDR reach out to that
person if you have some data that's
tracking their website visits so again
just coordinating marketing efforts into
your outbound process is the third
category of things that I see actually
working compared to this sort of spray
and prey I'm GNA email this person I've
never met and they don't know who I am
or anything about our company lots of
conversation already buzzing Jason you
have a question that actually a lot of
people are chiming in on regarding about
prospecting and getting people to be
motivated for so you want to jump in
yeah Sam I love the idea and I've
watched it of the a8s prospecting my
life experience myself and across a
number of my portfolio
companies that maybe aren't brecks is
they won't do it what they'll do is
you'll give them a couple names go after
Enrique and go after olier they'll do
two or three again and but they won't do
it for real and they don't generate any
real revenue and I think they don't do
it for several reasons right including
DNA but also I think sales reps want to
do about the certain amount of work to
hit their quota and then think about
doing more work and that's I'm not sure
it's consistent with the least energy
least effort path to quota attainment so
how does that work in practice do you
yell at people do you give them quota do
you fire them if they don't do you have
do you micromanage them them doing it if
they don't want to do it because I don't
think 90% of AES want to want to do
anything but handle a hot
inbound yeah of course sorry 93 I was
wrong you are
spoton one thing that I will
acknowledge I really struggle with when
I work with portfolio companies or
companies broadly is I haven't figured
out a repeatable way of taking an
existing sales organization where the
AES are not doing outbound so slightly
more mature that's called a mature sales
organization where the AES don't really
do outbound they rely on marketing and
they rely on SDR I think it is very
difficult close to impossible to take
that existing team of AES and get them
to start all of a sudden being really
effective at outbound and so the answer
that the ship may have sailed for many
folks but the answer at least it brecks
and the answer that I provided as
guidance or advice for early stage
companies is this has to be ingrained in
the culture from day one yeah makes
sense and Jason you this wasn't directly
your question but I think
potentially it related you asked
something like do you micromanage on
outbound metrics do you fire people like
how do you approach AES that aren't
doing this here's how I think about it I
measure the the success of let's say a
specifically but often times sales
people more broadly on on three
different metrics the first very
intuitive is around performance and
sales is very objective you see who is
at the top of the leaderboard and who is
at the bottom of the leaderboard and top
performers are almost definitionally
successful I think the two other things
that I use to track and measure success
don't require skill at all their effort
and attitude and if there is somebody on
the AE team who and I would Define this
as in the bottom 50% so below average
the bottom half of the team anybody that
is in that category I then go a layer
deeper and start looking into
specifically effort and attitude also
but in this example effort and what is
not acceptable for me as a leader is is
somebody who is not performing and then
either not putting in the effort or not
bringing their best s to work not being
a positive influence on the rest of the
team and you talked about
micromanagement Jason I do I I don't
know that I like the term but for the
bottom half of the team I know what they
are doing I know how they are spending
their time and yes if there is a lack of
effort on the outbound side it's like a
one-time conversation like the
performance is there the effort isn't
there what are we doing good answer
thank you thank you so much for having
me